This release has lots of quality-of-life improvements and makes the UI more consistent.

> [!NOTE]
> Read more to learn about the Managed OpenSEO beta and a side-quest, Sam, an AI content writing agent that works with Claude Code & OpenCode.

Thanks to everyone who submitted issues or messaged me with suggestions on Discord. I appreciate the feedback and would love to hear how your experience has been or what you've added to your OpenSEO.

## Added

- Backlink Analysis
  - Grouping by domain with expandable rows.
  - Spam backlinks hidden by default.
  - Per-tab CSV export.
  - Search history.
  - Structured table filters.
- Domain Overview
  - Add filtering and sorting to table
- Keyword Research
  - Add Bangladesh keyword research.
- Site Audit
  - Use DataForSEO for Lighthouse audits so users don't need to get a PSI api key.
- Theme switching with system, light, and dark options.
- Table filters now persist across searches so that you don't need reapply over and over.

## Fixed

- Reduced backlinks cost by 25% by changing which API endpoint we call to get trends.
- Limit lighthouse audits to 20 page sample so that user's don't trigger large, expensive audits accidentally.
- Fix bug when saving lots of keywords at once.

## Managed OpenSEO

I'm starting to take on beta users for the managed version of OpenSEO. Don't worry, the self hosted option isn't going anywhere. But, this has two advantages:

1. Easy for your non-technical friends to use
2. Get access to Backlinks (and soon LLM Mentions) data for just $10/month instead of $100/month for each through DataForSEO

If you want to test it out, here are some links:

- Sign Up: https://app.openseo.so/sign-up
- Pricing Info: https://openseo.so/pricing

## New Free & Open Source AI Content Writing Agent.

I built Sam, an AI content writing agent, as fun experiment. Sam does research, cites and fact checks. I think its pretty good and I like its writing (when using GPT 5.4) more than any other agent / product I've used.

It works locally with your Claude Code / OpenCode coding agents. Let me know what you think!

https://github.com/every-app/sam

Full Changelog: https://github.com/every-app/open-seo/compare/v0.0.4...v0.0.5
